<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN">
<html>
<head>
  <title>guidelines</title>
   	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/minimal-table.css" type="text/css">
</head>

<body>
<!-- Site navigation menu -->
<ul class="navbar">
	<li><a href="../index.html">Home</a>
   	<li><a href="https://www.dropbox.com/sh/mjyajw349thbj61/AAAAGNBVWF_0VHEPafZjLaHPa/00%20Videos%20of%20Lectures%20S1%202020?dl=0&subfolder_nav_tracking=1">Meeting Minutes</a>
	<li><a href="process.html">Process Support</a>
	</ul>




<h1>Meeting Minutes</h1><br>

<h4>Due Date:  04/06/2021  midnight </h4><p><em>(Team coordinator to email Team Name and Site link to your TA)</em></p> 

<h4><p>Team name 1705</p></h4>

<h4><p>Team Coordinator/Leader Elle Ishiwata-Ryan </p></h4>

	<h4><p> Meeting minutes </p><h4>
		<p> 
			06/05/2021 - Elle allocates jobs for team to do on github under projects so that team has a clear<br>
	     		location of where to find what they need to do. <br>
			07/05/2021 - confirming proposal presentation ppt for submission to bb.<br>
			13/05/2021 - confirming project presentation ppt<br>
			19/05/2021 - confirming project presentation ppt - design & specifics of what everyone does.<br>
			20/05/2021 - confirming logistics of what some topics means.<br>
			21/05/2021 - exchanging an academic article<br>
			24/05/2021 - confirming word limits for each topic section.<br>
			26/05/2021 - confirming the references for the project presentation ppt.<br>
			27/05/2021 - project presentation in class, and then we confirmed specific word counts for each section of the website.<br>
			03/06/2021 - reminder of due date, and deadline of 10:00pm for all sections so that we can polish the website before submission.<br>
	  			   - talking about guthub logistics on changing the html code. <br>
			04/06/2021 - announcement of properly using the APA 7th edition format for the references page.<br>
			06/06/2021 - 
		</p>
		

  <a href="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a27f2d1a5f562424bb967cac271b88c1e%40thread.tacv2/General?groupId=8f7b11f2-0954-417c-b54d-937ed1e585e2&tenantId=5e022ca1-5c04-4f87-8db7-d588726274e3">Meeting Minutes Repository Alternative Link</a>      

  

<hr/>
<p><h6><em>Note: the preferred option will be to replace these links in your site with equivalent links to your repository e.g. teams or dropbox </h6></em></p>
</body>
</html>
